(children cheering)
- Learning to swim is fun.
British Swim School is welcoming all new students
to start their journey in the world of water.
The team of highly trained experts at British Swim School
will show your little fish all the ins and outs
of life in the water,
while also sharing valuable knowledge on water safety.
So is it time for your kids to get their feet wet?
Sign them up now at britishswimschool.com.
That's britishswimschool.com.
British Swim School, make us flash.
A massive manhunt ending in a violent standoff
in the state of Washington,
forces us all to ask the question,
what exactly is the media covering up?
And then we end our haunted Halloween spooktobular
with one of the craziest ghost stories yet.
Is it possible that a family was haunted
by the Virgin Mary?
Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
(upbeat music)
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode
of Dead Rabbit Radio.
I'm your host Jason Carpenter,
or I'm your ghost, Jason Carpenter.
However, I never thought of that joke before.
How does that never pop to my head?
I'm your ghost, Jason Carpenter.
I'm having a great day.
Hope you guys are having a great day too.
It's the end of our Halloween spooktobular spectacular
October, whatever I called it.
Today is the end of that.
I hope you guys all have a nice night
tricking and or treating.
But someone who has a nice night, no matter what month
it is walking into Dead Rabbit Command
is one of our legacy Patreon supporters.
Everyone give it up for Medusa Buzzcutt.
Woo hoo, yeah, come on in,
slithering on into Dead Rabbit Command.
Long time supporter of the show,
Medusa Buzzcutt's been around for a long time.
Medusa, you're gonna be our captain,
our pilot this episode.
If you guys can't support the Patreon,
I totally understand that you do.
Just help spread the word about the show.
You have no idea how much that helps out.
If you find any value in this show,
make sure the world knows about Dead Rabbit Radio.
Medusa, let's go ahead.
I'm gonna touch the keys to the Jason Jalopy,
catch him in your little snaky hairs.
We are leaving behind Dead Rabbit Command
that drive us all the way out.
To Stevens County, Washington.
(imitates gun shot)
Couple miles north, actually think it's a couple hundred
miles north from Dead Rabbit Command,
but we're now headed up to Stevens County
and I gotta give a shout out to Patreon supporter
Thomas the Dink Engine.
Thomas sent me this story, really, really appreciate it.
This is a weird one.
This is kind of a weird one.
I don't know what it means, if anything.
October 12th, 2022 is when this story takes place.
We're in Stevens County, we're nearby Loon Lake.
That's exactly what it sounds like.
It's a body of water surrounded by land.
I don't know the population of loons in the area.
Maybe it's just shaped like a loon.
Maybe it was discovered by Charles Loon, who knows.
But anyways, Loon Lake up in Washington,
nearby Stevens County.
We're gonna meet a man named Jeffrey Smith.
Jeffrey Smith is 54 years old
and he's running through the woods near Loon Lake.
He's not jogging, he's not out there for his health.
Well, he's trying not to die.
So I guess that would be considered there for your health.
He's running through the woods.
He has a pistol in one hand, he has body armor
and he's running through the woods.
Above him, he hairs a police drone.
(buzzing)
It's flying high above the tree lines.
Jeffrey Smith is wanted by the police
because just a few hours earlier,
he showed up at this dude's house and tried to kill him.
Fired a gun right at the guy and then got in his car
and drove away and the police are after this dude.
He drives over to Loon Lake, starts running through the woods.
Now, when I say the police is after this dude,
this is a huge manhunt.
We have all these officers chasing him in the cars
and then they stop, they don't go into the woods after him
'cause you know, who knows where he's at.
They also call in the SWAT team.
Special weapons and tactics is here as well.
So they are fully prepared to face down
this single dude with a pistol.
As the police are there, as the police and the SWAT
and all these officers are there,
they begin to announce over loudspeakers,
maybe even over the drone.
I wonder if the drone has a little speaker on it,
but they're saying, give yourself up, turn yourself in.
Please, we don't wanna hurt you.
The drone then detects,
Jeffrey Smith does fire a couple shots
at the police officers.
They're like, ah, get down, get down.
And then the drone does detect
Jeffrey Smith walking towards the police.
And when the drone operator says he's headed our way,
two police officers, I believe they were specifically
SWAT officers, but two officers open fire
and they kill Jeffrey at Loon Lake.
This is an interesting story, not for what happened.
Unfortunately, we do have these types of incidents happen
all over the world.
Right?
We have people go from zero to 60,
like they just seem to be totally fine
and then they just open fire on some random person,
whether it's their workplace,
someone walking down the street.
We see these types of things.
Sometimes it's a setup to do suicide by cop.
They're trying to get a bunch of cops there
so the cops can kill them and they can die
without having to take their own life.
This isn't an unusual story, unfortunately.
You'll find several articles detailing what I just told you,
but that's not the whole story.
Thomas the Dink Engine works at,
he said he worked at a dispensary.
So I, the only dispensary I can think of
is a medical marijuana dispensary.
Maybe there are other things.
Maybe other people pronouncing correctly.
I'm sure they do.
But he works at a dispensary and he said that,
one day he's sitting there, he's selling,
I'm just gonna assume he's selling weed,
he could be selling balls and yarn or whatever,
but he's sitting there, he's slaying that green stuff
and a woman walks in and she was totally distraught.
He could tell that there was something wrong with her.
And she tells Thomas, this is the worst thing
that could have ever happened.
My fiance was just shot and killed by SWAT.
Thomas like, what in the world are you talking about?
She says, listen, my fiance went to go kill a pedophile
and the police chased him and they killed him in the woods.
Now, none of that was mentioned in news articles.
The news articles, the news as I presented it to you,
those are articles written October 19th, October 20th,
you know, like more recent articles.
And I, thank you, Thomas, for sending this over.
I go, this is really interesting.
None of these articles are stating why he did it.
They just said he went to this house,
he shot at a person and drove away.
And police, this massive police force chased him
into the woods and killed him.
And I had to look for, like a lot of the articles,
they weren't even mentioning the name of the victim at all.
They weren't mentioning the name of the suspect,
but you understand like in the original,
like first couple articles that are coming out
October 12th, October 13th,
maybe they don't have that information.
But I'm looking around and reading these articles.
Most of the articles that I was reading
was from a local newspaper called spokesman.com
is like the Spokane spokesman.
I'm looking for all this stuff.
And I'm also looking at news websites as well, like KXLY.
And they're telling the story that a guy shot at somebody
seemingly randomly, got chased into the woods
and was executed when I found out the name,
when I found out the suspect's name, Jeffrey Smith.
I start looking for mentions of his name, right?
And I'm still pulling up these articles.
Jeffrey Smith shot at Loon Lake,
shot at some random guy and police chased him down.
Finally, I was having to try all these different
combinations of words.
If I typed in Loon Lake shooting, Loon Lake SWAT,
it was giving me these articles, that's what I just told you.
Finally, when I had his name,
and I typed in Jeffrey Smith Loon Lake,
I found an article published October 13th.
Before these other articles were coming out,
this article published October 13th saying,
yeah, he tried to kill a pedophile.
One article.
And that is not mentioned in any of the articles
going forward.
We're in the town of Clayton, Washington.
It's actually like an unincorporated neighborhood
or unincorporated place, if I remember correctly.
It's 315 PM, Jeffrey shows up to the house of Daven Brock,
40 year old man, who if you look at the Washington
sex offender database, he's a level two sex offender,
which means there's a moderate risk to the community
that he is in.
He was arrested and served prison time
for taking indecent liberties with multiple
15 to 16 year old girls.
And indecent liberty sounds like the name
of some art house movie, right, on AMC.
And indecent liberties is basically
when someone's not able to consent,
not just including age.
I didn't even find age on the list
'cause I looked at the statute.
It's straight up like you're in a position of power
over them or they have some sort of mental
or physical disability.
So that's what he got charged with.
It wasn't some movie starring Daniel Day-Lewis.
It's a really gross crime.
And one of those victims was Jeffrey Smith's son's girlfriend.
So Jeffrey Smith, after learning this,
drove to Davin Brock's house,
waited on the porch for him, was drinking.
Davin walked up and Davin said,
"We talked for a while just like friends."
And then I started to put two and two together.
I realized that one of my victims
was related to him in some way.
And he pulled a gun out and he shot towards me.
And then he says, "I'm going to kill you."
He started threatening to kill me.
And then he walked to his car and got another gun.
And then threatened to kill me again and then drove away.
That story is not repeated going forward.
Even though Davin Brock is, it's not hearsay.
Davin Brock is telling that story.
Going forward, it's just some lunatic with a gun.
Now, yes, he was out to murder someone
or threaten someone, right?
And he was drinking, he had these firearms
and you don't want that in your community either.
But that's context.
And the question is, is why is this part
of the story being buried?
We covered an episode, it was very recent,
about a month ago, and this is why
Tom has sent this story over.
About some vigilantes, some pedophile hunter group.
Confron a man and target, a pedophile.
They were pretending to be an underage girl.
This guy showed up to meet with a girl.
They started getting in with scuffle.
Someone pulled out a gun.
I think it was one of the creep catchers pulled out a gun
and shot the pedophile in the leg.
If I remember correctly.
And you read the stories and they're like,
"Yeah, it's crazy, these three guys
"got in a fight with another guy at Target
"and one of them got shot.
"Man, what a world we live in."
And they're not saying this guy's a pedophile.
Or if they are saying it, it's way, way down in the article.
Or an alleged pedophile or attempted pedophile,
whatever you wanna classify it as.
And I remember saying on that episode,
why aren't they telling the whole story?
And then we have this one happening as well.
'Cause if you're just reading these articles,
I mean, I had to specifically,
it was almost like I was trying to unlock the Da Vinci code.
I had to use the right words to get into it.
I had to find the guy's name first off.
And then an even weirder footnote to this whole story
because Jeffrey did die.
There's a website called obituaries.neptunessociety.com.
And when you type in Jeffrey Smithaloon Lake
when you go to Google, one of the first things that pops up
is this obituary for Jeffrey Smith.
And it says October 12th, 2022.
Jeffrey John Smith, age 52 of Loon Lake.
So this is the right guy.
The Loon Lake Washington passed away
on Wednesday, October 12th.
Fond memories and expressions of sympathy, dot, dot, dot.
So you go and you click on that link
to read more about the obituary
and to see what people are saying.
It's been deleted from the obituary website.
His obituary is gone.
What is this?
It used to be when I was, this is my boomer thing.
When I was a kid, it would be front and center,
though news would be that a man tried to kill
a convicted pedophile and got killed by the police.
That's the news story.
I don't know, and I'm sure there's a thousand
conspiracy theories that we could all think of,
but why are they neglecting to add,
it's a very, very interesting detail.
It's context for one, it's also salacious.
That's why I'm surprised the media isn't pushing that.
But whatever is keeping this story out of the media,
like again, I had to really, really look around
to find the one article I did.
And even looking at this Google search results,
the first one says, "Corner identifies man shot
by deputies near Loon Lake October 20th."
It was when that was published.
But they don't mention that in the article
that was published six days later.
They don't mention it at all.
It just makes it seem like some guy randomly shot somebody,
or shot at somebody, and they've even deleted his obituary.
This is so weird.
I don't understand why people are running cover
for pedophiles.
Why are these parts of the story getting deleted?
It's so weird to the point
that they even deleted his obituary.
Insane, insane.
And I don't have an answer for it.
Like again, I mean, you obviously could be like,
"Well, you know, the media always protects pedophiles,
but yeah, usually only the powerful ones, right?
Only the movie stars and the politicians
and stuff like that.
Someone's running cover for Brian Singer,
so he keeps getting these movie deals and stuff like that.
It's horrible.
They're director Jeepers Creepers.
You know, someone's like, "Here's make more money.
We know you're pedophile,
but make more money for us."
We see that.
So every time that Brian Singer does an interview,
they don't ask him, "Hey, what about all those allegations
from that documentary in Open Secret?
Hey, is people running cover for him?"
This is just some creepo living on the street.
Absolutely.
There is a directive coming from somewhere,
'cause now we've had two incidents of this.
I always say first time is a anomaly.
The second time is a pattern.
I actually, I don't remember what I say,
but basically if we see something happening
over and over again,
why is the media running cover for pedophiles?
They did it in the story about
where that guy got shot at a target.
They weren't giving you context.
They made it seem like it was just a mass shooting,
a shooting at a target type of thing.
You had to dig for the pedophile stuff.
And then here, again, they know why he shot him.
It stated very early in this timeline,
and now new articles don't talk about that.
They're not having his obituary.
Why are they doing this?
Absolutely insane.
Absolutely nuts.
Medusa Buscut, let's go ahead and tashie the keys
to the world famous carpenter copter.
We are leaving behind,
we're leaving behind apparently a newsroom of people
who love protecting pedophiles.
Take us all the way out of this disgusting cesspool.
We're headed out to a sleepy suburban neighborhood.
(imitates music)
You know, I know I'm moving on to the next topic.
I guess I should be a little skeptical.
You could say in this instance,
that they didn't wanna reveal too much information
about the victim because then they didn't want him
to get harassed by his neighbors.
Well, first off, I don't care if he's getting,
I don't care if he's getting harassed by his neighbors, right?
This is a fairly recent crime he committed,
even if it was a long time ago still.
But I don't care if he's gonna harass by his neighbors.
Also, he's on a, I typed in his name,
I typed in Davin's name into the Washington
Sex Offender Database.
It's all public information anyways.
I would be more curious if I lived in the neighborhood
and be like, why did he shoot at Davin?
I'd be more curious to find that out.
So the idea of protecting him for some reason.
And again, why?
Why would they want to?
But anyways, that's enough of that story.
We're headed out to this sleepy suburban neighborhood.
Medusa, go ahead and land this Carbenter Copture.
We're gonna get on our BMX bikes
and we're gonna just ride around this little town.
They actually don't know where this story takes place.
I keep saying it's saying a sleepy suburban neighborhood.
It could take place anywhere.
We actually do have a photo of the main character
of this story and they're standing next to a stucco,
one of those houses with kind of the stucco on the outside.
So those are generally suburban, you know,
homes that they just roll off the back of a factory truck.
Little stucco house in a sleepy little neighborhood.
This story came from someone who goes by the handle online
as the great dreamer, 1937.
The great dreamer, we're gonna go ahead and call you Mikey.
Mikey lives with a family of four.
You got mom and dad and then his older sister, Tina,
and then Mikey himself.
And this family, everything's going great in this family.
Not perfect, no one has a perfect family,
but it's going pretty good.
It's going pretty good.
They're a very nice family, good members of the community
and good members of their local church.
Such good members of the church that they received
from their church, a statue of the Virgin Mary.
That's a pretty sizable statue.
There is a photo of this and based on the ferns,
next to it, I'm just guessing, right?
I don't know how big their ferns are,
but I'd say the statue's probably about
two to three feet tall, right?
It's pretty, it's pretty big statue, dude.
That's bigger than a lot of little babies, right?
Totolors and stuff, they'd be like intimidated by it.
Intimidated by this statue of the Virgin Mary.
So they have this statue, they've had it in their house
for a really long time, for a really long time.
They've actually had it longer than
they've had their own children.
We're talking about 25 plus years.
This statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary
has been in their house.
But life unfortunately happens
and the mother ends up in the hospital.
The fathers at the hospital, the kids are at home.
And one night, it had to be like maybe four in the morning.
Tina wakes up, her dad is walking into her bedroom
and he says, "Mom passed away tonight."
Tina couldn't believe it.
You know, this is your mom,
losing your mom would have to be just incredibly difficult,
even worse, the younger you are.
Tina hears this news and you know, it hurts her, right?
She's never gonna see her mom again.
The next morning, when Tina,
we don't have an age for these kids as well,
but considering they're home alone,
I figure Tina is probably in her early teens
and Mikey younger than that bit.
Tina and Mikey, the next morning they're in the house
and dad comes home from the hospital
and he sits down and he goes,
mom died last night, mom died last night in the hospital.
Dad's telling him all this stuff
and Tina is thinking, wait a second.
So dad came at four in the morning to tell me about it.
Then he went back to the hospital,
maybe fill out some paperwork
and then he's coming back to tell us about it.
But what she learns,
her dad never came home at four in the morning.
That wasn't her father walking into that room
to deliver the news that her mother had died.
After the mom passed away, they had to move.
So they left their house
and they ended up getting an apartment.
There's a two bedroom apartment, but there was three of them.
So the way that they had it set up was that
Tina got one room, Mikey got another room,
but the father slept on the couch out in the living room.
And when they made this move, they took the stuff
that you could take out of a house and fit into an apartment.
But one of the things that they made sure
they brought into this apartment with them
was the statue of the Virgin Mary.
They had had it for so long.
And what are you gonna do with it?
Just throw it away, give it away.
No, this is an icon.
It's not a piece of trash.
We can make room for it in our house
and it was actually situated right next to the television set.
Well, the father would sleep on the couch
and a lot of times he would sleep on his back.
So he's facing the nice cushiony apart.
He's back as to the television set.
But he started to notice something.
Whenever he laid there on his side
with his back to the television set,
his back was also to the statue.
And when he would be laying there in the darkness,
he would hear breathing behind him.
(sighs)
He said it was so heavy
and so distinct he could actually count the breaths.
It wasn't something he had to strain to hear.
It was clearly audible.
Someone or something was breathing very heavily
whenever he had his back to the statue.
Now, not all the, not, let me say, it wasn't every time.
It's not like he's like,
"Oh, I forgot something in the kitchen."
And he turns around,
he's walking to go get some more cheez-its
and he hears the breathing.
It didn't happen every single time
and it happened when he was going to bed
when he had his back to the statue.
But even then it wasn't every single time
but this was a phenomenon he did recognize.
Another pattern he started to see
was the nightmares.
He would have this dream
that he would wake up in a bed,
which would probably be the dream
of anyone living on a couch.
He'd fall asleep on a couch.
He'd wake up in a bed.
He's still in the dream world
but in the dream he's waking up in a bed.
And he's all alone in the bed.
But he can't move.
He's laying on his side in this bed
and he can't move.
And he begins to feel something crawl
into the bed behind him.
This thing would continue to move through the bed
until it was right behind him,
until its body was pressed against his.
And he'd begin to feel these arms wrap around him.
But he compared it to,
it was like I was being hugged by a skeleton.
It didn't feel like there was any meat, no skin, right?
It was just this real skinny,
emaciated, skeletal-like entity behind him.
And he could feel the arms wrapping around him
feel the bony ribcage press against his back.
And it would always whisper something into his ear.
It would say it over and over and over again.
He said the voice was this very high-pitched sound.
He goes, it reminded him of,
like if you've ever watched like funny YouTube videos
or America's Funny Some videos or whatever.
It sounded like a animal trying to speak human languages.
So we'd have a dog say thank you, thank you, whatever.
We've heard those you too,
if you haven't I'll put some in the show notes.
But he says that's what it sounded like
and it always said the same thing
and it would say it over and over again.
It always said,
it's me.
It's the Virgin Mary.
We'll just repeat that over and over again,
whispering right in his ear.
He would wake up.
And he said he'd only have to stream
maybe three or four times.
But each time it played out the same.
He would wake up in a bed, unable to move.
Something would crawl into bed with him,
get right next to his body,
wrap its arms around him
and begin to say the same phrase.
In this high-pitched tone,
it's me, it's the Virgin Mary over and over and over again.
He said the only difference in the dreams
is in each dream,
whatever was crawling into bed behind me
felt more and more alive each time.
It was no longer the skeletal arms,
but they felt a little more human.
Each time this creature, whatever it was,
well it's saying it's the Virgin Mary,
but whatever it was,
it was almost manifesting into a real human form.
Now this house wasn't just played by these nightmares.
Well, he was the only one having the nightmares,
but he also, one time he walked into the kitchen
and a plate flew right out of the kitchen cabinet,
right at him, almost hit him.
Tina said that she had seen once
a shadow man type entity
walk out of her room and enter Mikey's room.
So we do also have observable phenomenon
outside of the dream world,
the heavy breathing, the plate flying
and the shadow man type entity.
Mikey has not experienced any of this.
He hears all of these stories way later in life,
but for Tina and her father,
these are very real scary encounters
that they're dealing with in the moment.
Well, Tina, this is another reason
why I think she's fairly old,
Tina in short order,
she ends up getting married and moving out of the house.
And the father, and what must be one of the most genius,
genius moves of all time says,
"You know what, Tina?
So happy you're getting married.
I'm a little suspicious of that shadow man
you've chosen as a groom, but I want you to have this.
This is the best thing."
As a wedding present, he gave his daughter
the statue of the Virgin Mary.
Now it was a keepsake, right?
Like this was something they had
from when mom was still alive.
It was something they had had for over two decades,
but even Mikey said when he was writing this out,
I think dad just wanted to get rid of it.
Like sure, it's a nice memento of our life together
as a family, but also it breathes at me late at night.
I don't know how much everyone knew
what was going on at this time.
How, I don't think the dad woke up every morning
and he's like, "Kids, I had the dream again.
I had the dream about that crazy creature
crawling in a bed."
But he gives the statue to his daughter
and nothing happens, right?
She gets the statue, it's not hovering around late at night,
no dishes are flying towards her face.
Well, at least for the first couple months,
then she starts to have nightmares.
And her nightmares are also always set up the same.
She's walking down the street of her neighborhood.
She's walking down the street of her neighborhood,
she knows this area very well.
She's walking to church.
And if she's walking down the street
and she's headed towards church,
something doesn't feel right.
And she turns around and behind her,
probably a couple of yards, right?
It's not right next to her,
but let's say five, 10 yards away,
on the ground is the statue of the Virgin Mary.
She keeps walking.
She's continuing to try to get to the church
and she still feels something isn't right
and she turns around and about five to 10 yards away
is the statue.
And in all these dreams, she's trying to get to the church.
And in all these dreams, she can't get to the church.
No matter how many times she's trying to walk down this road,
she can never actually enter the church.
And in all these dreams, no matter what distance
she has traveled, the statue of the Virgin Mary
is always behind her.
Jason, that's how traveling works.
If you leave point A and you go into straight line,
everything else is behind you.
It's always the same kind of distance behind her.
It's following her.
And in these dreams, sometimes she kept trying
to get to the church, she couldn't get to the church.
She would hide.
She would go into someone's house
and hide from the statue.
She'd be behind a couch.
Worried what was gonna happen
if the statue eventually caught up to her.
And then somebody else,
another human in the dream would find her
in the closet, behind the couch, under the bed.
And the person would say, this isn't going to work.
She's going to find you.
(silence)
She's trapped in this dream loop.
It doesn't happen every single night,
but when it happens, it plays out the same.
She is either slowly pursued by the statue.
She never sees it moving.
It's just always behind her.
And if she does try, if she does not continue her journey,
if she decides to hide somewhere,
a human always finds her and tells her, this won't work.
She's going to find you.
One night, she gets to the church.
One night she's having this dream.
And for whatever reason, why this night was any different
than any of the other nightmares,
she actually is walking down the street,
the statue's behind her.
She gets the weird feeling.
She looks, the statue's behind her.
She thinks about hiding.
She knows this just makes it more angry.
She's gonna be found by another human.
She's gonna be warned.
She's going to find you.
She keeps walking down that street.
She sees the church.
She enters the church.
And for the first time in any of these nightmares,
she feels safe.
She's in the church and the priest turns around
and tells her, she's coming for you.
You need to leave.
After all these nights, after all of these nightmares,
she finally gets into the church
and she is told she is not even safe here.
So Tina runs out of the church
and she begins running down the street.
And no matter how fast she runs,
the statue is right behind her.
It's right on her heels.
It's not moving.
It's just there.
An inch behind her, no matter how fast
she's running down that street,
the statue is right behind her every step of the way.
When she woke up after that time,
she's like, okay, I'm done.
I really don't think her dad told her anything
about what's going on with the statue,
but she's not in any of it yet.
She goes, I keep dreaming about the statue.
And again, it's not a tiny little statue.
This is at least based on my Fern measurement system.
Two to three feet tall.
So she takes the statue and places it outside.
It was inside her house this whole time.
Now it's outside on her doorstep.
She's like, welcome visitors, meet my haunted statue.
She places this outside.
The nightmares immediately cease.
She never again dreams about trying to get to the church
and being followed by the statue
of the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The next thing that happens is arguably worse than that.
Because before those dreams would happen
every once in a while,
but once she moved the statue outside of her house
every single night,
whether she had a dream or a nightmare,
every single night in her dreams
would be totally normal.
Everything's happening.
She's just walking around, talking to friends,
watching a movie.
She could feel the eyes of the statue watching her.
Every single night, every single dream.
She could feel this statue staring at her.
And in the dream, she would realize something was wrong.
Something fell off and she would look around.
She would never see the statue in her dream.
But she could sense its gaze upon her.
She knew it was there somewhere.
She just couldn't see it.
This happened night after night after night
after night after night.
At some point, and this is so interesting
'cause I'm reading this story and this is the part of,
okay, I can fact check this.
If this doesn't work, then maybe it's all made up
and it could all be made up, right?
All of these stories could be made up.
But what happens is one of her cousins ends up
meeting the pope and getting this rosary blessed by the pope.
And I actually was like, is that even a thing?
I mean, I know the pope blesses stuff.
So I did some research and yeah, you can do that.
Apparently they do these like mass blessing type things,
ceremonies, I'm obviously not Catholic if you can't tell,
but I was like, okay, so at least that checks out.
This is written by someone who at least,
if it is made up at least they know that fact
and I didn't know that fact.
It could all be made up, could be real.
But she gets this rosary blessed by the pope
and she gives it to the sister.
She gives it to Tina.
And I don't know again how much of the story
is being related to the people around them.
Generally when people are suffering
from these types of hauntings, right?
Which are very, very hard to prove.
You don't tell people about it
'cause you sound like a lunatic.
You just sound like a weirdo.
So I don't think she's like, hey,
when you're out there talking to the pope,
can you get something blessed?
Because I've been being chased by the statue
of the Blessed Virgin Mary for the past couple months.
And honestly, actually this type of haunting
you probably wouldn't tell people about
'cause it's borderline blasphemous.
But anyways, she does get a rosary
that's blessed by the pope himself
and she placed that around the statue's neck
along with some other religious iconography.
And the dreams immediately stopped.
There was never any other sense
that the statue had any ill will towards.
Tina or the father or Mikey or anyone.
To this day it sits outside that house.
Looking like any ordinary statue.
It's a fascinating story.
We did a story a long time ago,
maybe like 200 episodes ago,
about a group of three girls who were camping in the woods.
I don't remember the detail.
I think they were at like a summer camp.
I believe it took place in Eastern Europe.
And the Virgin Mary chased them down a hill.
And again, that's one of those stories that you go,
what is this phenomenon?
It's definitely, I mean,
I don't think I have to give you an intro.
I mean, I guess I could, Jesus is mom, right?
But I'm sure pretty much everyone knew
what I was talking about.
We're talking about a religious figure,
not just a religious figure,
but one that is venerated by a huge group of religious,
the Catholic, you know, venerate the Blessed Virgin Mary.
So it's, you know, it's in their art.
It's in their iconography and things like that.
So to have, to, you know, get to the chase,
the mom of Jesus running down a hill,
chasing little girls, it sounds absolutely blasphemous.
It must be some sort of demonic entity taking that form.
And then you come across this story
and we see a weird combination of events.
We have a statue that's been around for over, again,
they had it for 25 plus years.
The mom dying and then the paranormal activity happening
is a super weird combination.
It would make sense if they started seeing
the ghost of their mom.
If the mom died and then every show,
often they'd smell her favorite perfume in the room,
that sweet, it's beautiful.
I wouldn't talk about it on the podcast.
It is hauntings, but those hauntings,
they're a dime a dozen.
I get it.
If it's, if you're experiencing it,
that's totally awesome, right?
I'm not saying you're like, oh man, I miss my mom.
And then Jason said it was lame,
then her spirit's still around.
Oh, and the mom ghost is like, it's okay.
Jason's kind of a jerk.
You know what I mean, right?
I wouldn't talk about that.
It's sweet and beautiful,
but it doesn't really tell us anything about,
it doesn't tell us anything unique about the human condition
or the ghost condition.
Here we have the mom dying and negative spiritual energy,
hostile ghost attacks or whatever demonic attacks, right?
Engulfing this family,
and it's using the vessel,
it's using the image of Mary to do it.
You could have a demon disguising itself
as a religious figure.
What I find so fascinating is,
why did this start when the mother died?
So almost like the mother was a calming influence
over the family.
I have a lot of questions, honestly.
I don't know why when the mom died, they lost their house.
I'm curious about that as well.
So there could be more facts about the story
that we don't know,
but it's possible that this statue was always haunted
and the mother's psychic barrier around the family
prevented them from feeling any of it.
That's a possibility.
Another darker possibility is that when the mom died,
that's what caused this whole thing.
But it is a story that we can test.
Right now that statue is outside of a house
and it is wearing a blessed rosary
that is keeping whatever is inside of it at bay.
If we really wanted to know
what dark forces may lie inside that statue,
all we have to do is take the rosary off.
DeadRabberRadio, gmail.com is gonna be your email address.
You can also do this up at facebook.com/deadrabberadio.
TikTok is @deadrabberadio.
DeadRabberRadio is the daily paranormal conspiracy
and true crime podcast.
You don't have to listen to it every day.
I'm glad you listened to it today.
Have a great one guys.
(upbeat music)
- The experiences are what people love most about travel.
With Viator, you can browse and book tours
and activities so incredible,
you'll wanna tell your friends.
They offer everything from simple tours
to extreme adventures in over 190 countries.
There's something for everyone.
Download the Viator app now and use Viator 10
for 10% off your first booking.
One app, over 300,000 experiences you'll remember.
Do more with Viator.